Diff API in Change Tracking (#914)
cap-js/docs: java/change-tracking.md

  the user interaction and not on the domain level (for instance during data replication).
- If you want to expose the complete change log to the user, you need to consider the security implications of this. If your entities have complex access rules,
  you need to consider how to extend these rules to the change log.

> ## Diff Processor

Reviewer: As discussed "Working with CDS data" would be the better place to add this content (after CdsDataProvessor)

> In your business logic you often want to compare two states of the entity, find out if some value in them is changed and react on this change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your business logic you may want to compare two states of an entity e.g. before and after an operation. Usually, you might want to react on changed values, for instance, to track changes accordingly.
```

> To do that you can use `CdsDiffProcessor`, similar to the [Data Processor](/java/cds-data#cds-data-processor). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[CdsDiffProcessor](--> Javadoc link) helps you to enumerate such differences. This API is in full alignment to the [Data Processor](/java/cds-data#cds-data-processor). 
```

Author: JavaDoc will be available after the release, unfortunately. I will need to move the interface from the current place.

It traverses through two states of the entity and reports you differences between them along the way.

You create an instance of the `CdsDiffProcessor` using the `create()` method:

```java
CdsDiffProcessor diff = CdsDiffProcessor.create();
```

You can compare the data represented as [structured data](/java/cds-data#structured-data), results of the CQN statements or arguments of event handlers. 

> To do a comparison, `CdsDiffProcessor` requires the following in your data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do a comparison, `CdsDiffProcessor` requires the following in the data maps to compare:
```

- entities must include full set of primary keys
- names of the elements must match the elements of the entity type
- associations must be represented as [nested Structures and Associations](/java/cds-data#nested-structures-and-associations) according to the association cardinality.

The [delta representation](/java/working-with-cql/query-api#deep-update-delta) of collections is also supported.

> 

Reviewer: Add the hint that data maps retrieved from Cqn statements fulfill these conditions

Author: Unless you use the row type of the result as the type.

> You run the comparison by calling the `process()` method and supplying new and old image of the data as a `Map` or a collection of them and the type of the compared entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You run the comparison by calling the `process()` method and supplying new and old image of the data as a `Map` (or a collection of them) and the type of the compared entity:
```

```java
List<Map<String, Object>> newImage;
List<Map<String, Object>> oldImage;
CdsStructuredType type;

diff.process(newImage, oldImage, type);
```

In case of the results of CQN statements, use the type [that comes with the result](/java/working-with-cql/query-execution#introspecting-the-row-type). 
It may not exactly match the type of the entity that you have selected, but allows you to compare the elements that were synthesized within the statement e.g. constants, case expressions, inlined and aliased values etc.

```java
Result newImage = service.run(Select.from(...));
Result oldImage = service.run(Select.from(...));

diff.process(newImage, oldImage, newImage.rowType());
```

:::tip Draft-enabled Entities
For draft-enabled entities, you may omit value of `IsActiveEntity` in the images.
If you compare active and inactive state of the same entity using them as an old and new image make sure that
the values of `IsActiveEntity` is either absent or the same in both images.
:::

> When one of the images is empty, the `CdsDiffProcessor` traverses through the existing state treating it as an addition or removal mirroring the logic accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case one of the images is empty, the `CdsDiffProcessor` traverses through the existing state treating it as an addition or removal mirroring the logic accordingly.
```

Changes detected by `CdsDiffProcessor` are reported to one or more visitors implementing the interface `CdsDiffProcessor.DiffVisitor`.

> The visitor is added to `CdsDiffProcessor` with the `add()` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The visitor is added to `CdsDiffProcessor` with the `add()` method before starting the processing.
```

```java
diff.add(new DiffVisitor() {
  @Override
  public void changed(Path newPath, Path oldPath, CdsElement element, Object newValue, Object oldValue) {
      // changes
  }

  @Override
  public void added(Path newPath, Path oldPath, CdsElement association, Map<String, Object> newValue) {
      // additions
  }

  @Override
  public void removed(Path newPath, Path oldPath, CdsElement association, Map<String, Object> oldValue) {
      // removals
  }
});
```

The visitor can be added together with the [element filter](/java/cds-data#element-filters) that limits the subset of changes reported to the visitor.

```java
diff.add(
  new Filter() {
    @Override
    public boolean test(Path path, CdsElement element, CdsType type) {

>         return true;

Reviewer: I'd show a real example here, e.g. focusing on an annotation

Author: We have example (close to what happens in SFlight) below.

    }
  },
  new DiffVisitor() {
    ...
  }
);
```

You may add as many visitors as you need by chaining the `add()` calls. 
Each instance of the `CdsDiffProcessor` can have own set of visitors added to it.

If your visitors need to be stateful, prefer one-time disposable objects for them. `CdsDiffProcessor` does not manage the state of them.

### Implementing a DiffVisitor

> Additions and removals to/from entity state reported as calls to methods `added()` or `removed()` as a parts of the entity content as a structured data. 

Reviewer: this sentence hard to understand!

They are not traversed further on the element level.

The methods `added()` and `removed()` have the following arguments:

- `newPath` and the `oldPath` as an instances of [`Path`](https://www.javadoc.io/doc/com.sap.cds/cds4j-api/latest/com/sap/cds/ql/cqn/Path.html) reflecting the new and old state of the entity.
- `association` as an instance of [`CdsElement`](https://www.javadoc.io/doc/com.sap.cds/cds4j-api/latest/com/sap/cds/reflect/CdsElement.html) or null value, if the entity is added from the root.
- state of the changed data as a `Map` as the `newValue` or `oldValue`.

> The instances of the `Path` represent the placement of the changed item within the whole entity. While these paths are always have the same structure, `oldPath` or `newPath` respectively has an empty values to represent absence of the entity state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The instances of the `Path` represent the placement of the changed item within the whole entity. While these paths are always have the same structure, `oldPath` or `newPath` respectively has an empty value to represent absence of the entity state.
```

Let's break it down with the examples:

> Given that we have a collection of books each has a composition of many editions.

Reviewer: Could a Json-representation help to better understand the operations and resulting diffs?
